net: nrf_provisioning: Add support for socket option SO_KEEPOPEN (#17062)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_fota` library:

  * Updated:

>     * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA_DOWNLOAD_FRAGMENT_SIZE` Kconfig option is made available and used also when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA_POLL` Kconfig option is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA_DOWNLOAD_FRAGMENT_SIZE` Kconfig option to be available and used also when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_FOTA_POLL` Kconfig option is enabled.
```
I realize these are existing entries, but the entries are meant to be read with the containing bullet, so this is "Updated the Kconfig option to", and so on.

      The range of the option is now from 128 to 1900 bytes, and the default value is 1700 bytes.

>     * The function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_fota_poll_process` can now be used asynchrounously if a callback to handle errors is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_fota_poll_process` to be used asynchrounously if a callback to handle errors is provided.
```
